DISCLAIMER STATEMENT

I, Tom Lehrer, individually and as trustee of the Tom Lehrer Trust 2007,
hereby grant the following permissions:

All copyrights to lyrics or music written or composed by me have been
permanently and irrevocably relinquished, and therefore such songs are
now in the public domain. All of my songs that have never been
copyrighted, having been available for free for so long, are now also in
the public domain. In other words, I have abandoned, surrendered and
disclaimed all right, title and interest in and to my work and have
injected any and all copyrights into the public domain.

The permission granted includes all lyrics which I have written to music
by others, although the music to such parodies, if copyrighted by their
composers, are of course not included without permission of their
copyright owners. The translated songs on this website may be found on
YouTube in their original languages.

Performing and recording rights to all of my songs are included in this
permission. Translation rights are also included.

In particular, permission is hereby granted to anyone to set any of
these lyrics to their own music, or to set any of this music to their
own lyrics, and to publish or perform their parodies or distortions of
these songs without payment or fear of legal action.

Some recording, movie, and television rights to songs written by me are
merely licensed non-exclusively by me to recording, movie, or TV
companies. All such rights are now released herewith and therefore do
not require any permission from me or from Maelstrom Music, which is
merely me in another hat, nor from the recording, movie, or TV companies
involved.

In short, I no longer retain any rights to any of my songs.

So help yourselves, and don’t send me any money.

    NOTICE:

    THIS WEBSITE WILL BE SHUT DOWN AT SOME DATE IN THE NOT TOO DISTANT
    FUTURE, SO IF YOU WANT TO DOWNLOAD ANYTHING, DON’T WAIT TOO LONG.

Tom Lehrer
November 26, 2022
